Summarize your solution
-----------------------

* What was your approach to solving the assignment?
* Are there any known bugs in your solution?

Feedback on the assignment
--------------------------

* What was fun about the assignment?
* What did you find especially hard?
* How could the assignment be made more valuable?

Teamwork
--------

* What are your team's ground rules? What changes
  to these rules might improve the functioning of
  your team in A6?

  Our team is commited to maintaining open communication so that the team
  can remain on top of our responsibilities and aware of our status. We
  stressed the importance of testing our code and being accountable for the
  work we contribute. We also strictly stuck to our 2 meetings a week policy,
  which made the process of developing the design of our system very fluid.

  I think that we worked very well together for this first submission and do not
  have any specific changes to add. Group members were very collaborative, the
  workload was split fairly and we continually maintained communication via a
  group message. It was a very enjoyable experience.


* How is everyone encouraged to stay accountable to the
  tasks they have been assigned?

  Everyone is required to test their code contributions before committing them
  to our repo. We also try to explain our codes and thought processes to each
  other so as to ensure that we all agree on the logic behind the code. This
  helps as a good safety net and helps us to better understand the underlying
  software of the game.


* What conflicts have arisen within your team? How (if at
  all) have the conflicts been resolved? What could you do
  to improve your team's ability to deal productively with
  conflict?

  We have not had any meaningful conflicts due to the milestone 0 or milestone
  1 submissions. In fact, the work has worked very fluidly thus far.

* How do your meetings typically proceed? What do you
  accomplish and in how much time? What is effective about
  your team functioning during meetings? What changes would
  improve your meetings?

  Our meetings are biweekly on Tue/Thu. We usually meet on campus at 4:30 PM and
  try to minimize conflicts on the backend of our meetings so as to allow us to
  meet for as long as we need to that day. We usually start by reviewing the
  things we would like to accomplish. We then start discussing our ideas openly
  and offer criticism/help/advice to others in the group as to how to better
  develop their ideas. This is a great way to check that our thought-processes and
  ideas are viable and the best way to implement something (4 CS students is
  better than 1!). I think that we could try to work more independently instead of
  collaboratively in order to minimize the time of our meetings and maximize our
  productivity.